Yo!
Virtual Youtuber,
Kizuna Ai here!
What's up?
You humans out there watching,
You guys have worries all the time, right?
Must be really hard to live that way, right?
Well, everybody feels like that sometimes, ya know?
And here at Kizuna Ai Channel HQ,
we like to take the negative situations life throws at us
and turn them into positives!
On that note,
today I'll be trying to change my human viewer's
negative feelings into non-negative feelings!
At first glance,
sometimes things can seem like the end of the world,
but if you think hard enough about it, you can always find a silver lining!
For example,
kawaii sound♪
[Nope-Inducing Bug Appears in Your House]
Let's say a creepy-ass insect infiltrates your home.
How can we turn this situation of badness into one of goodness?
I've found a solution!
Maybe this bug is some kind of never-before discovered species!
That would mean that your house must be so good that even rare bugs wanna live there!
Okay, up next we have:
[Forgetting Your Umbrella on Rainy Day]
Let's say that you forget your umbrella one day when it's pouring down outside.
"Aww fuck", right? NO "AWW FUCK!"
Get outta here with your first world problems!
People throughout history had to suffer without umbrellas, you know!
So will it kill you to just go one day, getting a little wet!?
Just because it's raining, doesn't mean you gotta be all emo about it.
It's times like these where you should say:
"Oh well, least I'm not infected with the black plague."
And the hype yourself up, enjoy the little things,
and overcome each and every day like your some shounen protagonist!
"MAKE YOUR OWN SUNSHINE!"
Aight, for our next example:
[Making a Mistake at Work
and Get Scolded by Your Senpai]
Let's say you done goofed at your job, and now your senior is giving you shit for it.
"Hey, dude. Getting all worked up like that is gonna totally give you heart disease.
Take a chill pill, watch some ASMR or something.
Failure isn't bad, it's a chance to learn from your mistakes."
Oh yeah, and
when you're squaring off with your senpai
You should absorb their passion and loudness
and then...
throw it right back at 'em!
Best life advice ever! (lol)
lmao, finna get people fired...
And for the next:
[Liking a Same Person with Your Best Friend]
"Liking a Same Person with Your Best Friend'
Why are you getting depressed
from thinking that kind of thing?
"Oh, we really are good friends"
go with that flow with your friend,
and then stole them from your friend!
If you get depressed from that,
Love is not something you...hold on!
There's no such thing as fate! (?)
You should just grab your own fate!
So beat up that friend of yours!
You got it?
And for the last one:
"You're The Only One
Not Invited to A Drinking Party"
You need to think like this,
"Well, even if I joined,
I'll just make the host uneasy
and drinking party is only for lazy people, right?"
By not going to the party,
you who worked hard at home is amazing!
Even if you're not invited to the party,
in 10-20 years,
you're the one with the largest annual income!
Go for it!
That was perfect, right?
So if you're feeling down,
or depressed,
or "I've been scolded for this thing!"
Please tell me about it, okay?
I'm going to turn everything into positive!
So, that was Positive Monster,
Kizuna Ai for today!
See you again!